1.Environment variables store data that's used by the operating system and other programs
Environment variables are used to store app secrets and configuration data, which are retrieved by your running app when needed.

Production ready->
1. Use Environment variables ->avoid hard coded values in our code like secret-keys etc
2. Use production API keys -> not the testing API keys like stripe
3. Reduce Error Output details -> Don't send sensitive information to your users.
4. set secure response headers -> implement best practices.

//often handled by the hosting provider
5. add asset compression -> reduce response size
6. configure logging -> stay up to date about what's happening
7. Use SSL/TLS ->ENCRYPT DATA IN TRANSIT

Process .ev->

The process. env global variable is injected by the Node at runtime for your application to use and
 it represents the state of the system environment your application is in when it starts. 
For example, if you set a PORT variable in the system, it can be accessed through the process.env.PORT variable
 because, when we set an environment variable, it is loaded into process.env during runtime and can later be accessed. 


 Helmet can help protect your app from some well-known web vulnerabilities by setting HTTP headers appropriately.
Generally, Helmet is just a collection of smaller middleware functions that set security-related HTTP headers



SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer, a security protocol that creates an encrypted link between a web server and a web browser.
Companies and organizations need to add SSL certificates to their websites to secure online transactions and keep customer information private and secure.

The primary purpose of SSL is to provide a secure transport-layer connection between two endpoints, the server and the client.
public key-> attached with the certificate, private key remains with the server for decription purpose.


Git is a version control system that developers use all over the world. It helps you track different versions of your code and collaborate with other developers.
If you are working on a project over time, you may want to keep track of which changes were made, by whom, and when those changes were made.



What is commit and branch?
In Git, a branch is a pointer to one specific commit, while a commit is a snapshot of your repository at a specific point in time.
Your branch pointer moves along with each new commit you make.

GitIgnore
The purpose of gitignore files is to ensure that certain files not tracked by Git remain untracked. 

To stop tracking a file that is currently tracked, use git rm --cached.

Node modules are not pushed into git :
The node_modules directory is one of the crucial parts of any node or React project,
 but it shouldn't be tracked by the version control system (git) due to its large size


Restarting a server closes all the processes that are running and starts them again.